Okay.
My name is.
And today I will be interviewing.
Can I get your full name.
Okay, miss.
Ghana, assume that your sex is female right.
That's my check yes. Okay.
Gary, what do you identify us identify the African American.
Okay, you're you're verse.
1992.
Okay, um, how many years in Atlanta Have you lived. Seven. Seven years in Atlanta wasn't any other places you live outside of here with the know seven years, just anywhere in life.
Philly jersey.
I spent a couple months in Florida.
Not really know where major. I spent like two weeks in Baltimore.
You know, regular shoes.
Okay cool cool cool.
As far as education is the highest form of education for you.
One year college.
I really didn't work out too well.
I would about occupation.
Honestly, I'm a husband.
I really don't have an occupation when you got two kids you really can't ever sit occupation. So, whatever. What I want to do though. I'm trying to become a nurse.
That's pretty much what I want to do. Yeah, but
parents birthplace. My mother and my father were both born and raised in New Jersey.
Okay.
What do they do for a living.
My mother has her master's in psychology.
And my father is a schema.
Very, very interesting.
Okay, the magic grown up with it.
Okay, well I'm, I'm just gonna kind of bounce around, we talked about some of this, some of that.
Let's talk about when you first got to Atlanta.
Did you notice any difference between here and other places you live, how much time you got plenty.
Yeah, it's, it's a big, it's a big culture shock, especially when you when you were born and raised and grew up a certain way then you come to somewhere where it's the complete opposite is definitely a culture shock, but mostly positive.
Okay. You know I'm saying.
So, is definitely the place like I said, the land opportunity for our people anyway for color people should I say, not necessarily black but just people who a white Puerto Rican is Mexicans black people, you know, Muslims, all of that
day debt.
What about
what what is your thoughts on racism, or just race related type of now you said it right the first time racism exists, it's very real and
I'm black so
I'm naturally the target of it I'm a black young female.
So,
I had three strikes against me coming out the womb.
But, it strikes that out. That way with pride. So, it exists, it's real, it's very real here.
Sadly, the shocking part for me though, even though it is very real in the south of experience less racism here then I have gone away.
If I'm saying, like, grown a white girl, different ethnicities, were racist against each other, they were trying to but I did not like black people, they are putting people who do not like Mexicans.
So, coming here where it's like, know why people don't like colored people it has nothing to it has everything to do with being black but it's not just being black it's colored people, people who are not white are not welcome.
And that's real. And I think once people get over the fact that get over the whole idea of trying to bring us all together and become one and make us all equal or make us equal in their eyes once we get over that fact then we'll be able to conquer this
whole thing and get past it but until it in. As long as we're trying to become equal to them. We will always be in a struggle with them, their profile.
Okay.
Let's jump towards family information, do you have any siblings. Yes, I do.
Okay, I have two little sisters and now two little brothers.
Wow, Where do you rank as far as, as, I'm the oldest of everybody.
Okay.
Are you close to your siblings there.
Do you have a favorite.
Yes. My younger sister.
She is my favorite.
Because I've been so involved with her life. Since the day she was born, she was my kid before my kids, my kids, shouts like a.
Sorry about that.
But, yeah, she's been my kids since before my kids or my kids, so that's that's my that's my heart.
But I love all of them just as much but that's my baby.
Okay cool cool cool,
aunts, uncles grandparents cousins extended family.
I do have a few months, and I say if you literally, maybe two that I am very very close with very close with them, most of summer.
Canada shaky, which is natural, but for the most part I love all my family I love anybody who loves me.
ggs. Okay.
Was, which were also culture shock in Georgia.
I went,
I went to a middle school and went to two different middle schools and went to a charter school and then I went to a public Middle School.
Okay, well, just in a capsule between those two.
You don't know anything about them.
You can't teach what you don't know me.
How can you teach me. You can't teach me what you know because we don't know we don't come from the same place.
You're Joe.
predominantly colored school.
It was different.
They could relate more, they understood, and it was funny because my teacher was a white man, but he spent all his life around African American people, his wife was African American.
So, his father was African American so it wasn't like he was too far off base.
My teacher. The white at the white teacher so how can he have a black father. He's a white teacher, why are we talking about biological. Yeah, his biological father was white, but his mother.
I mean it's biological father was black but his mother was right, but he looked, he looked white, white, even like extra weight but he looked like when you looked at us automatically thought why you did not think oh he's black.
Now once you got close up on them, you probably be like, oh okay he got curly hair nose not like white people in that green have blue eyes eyes.
No, he's not. He's not white he's black and Jewish.
Very, very interesting I know we can dive more deeply into that very very so. So, how far was the schools from your career, the charter school was, I want to say about 3035 minutes, a drive.
But the public school was a walk, literally, it was around literally around the corner I can walk up one black I hit a corner and hit another corner and I was at school.
Yeah, I walk every day.
Did you have a little crew with you.
Absolutely no I didn't need a crew when I was, what I did I have a crew at school yeah but I didn't need a crew.
I was cool.
Okay.
See, says he says on about your crew.
What is I'll do together.
Again, lot of trouble.
Here, I was a horrible job.
That's my mother every day, God bless and I love her for putting up with me because I was the worst seemed like you know you use the word horrible.
Cuz I was that kid that you know you had a kid growing up a school that your parents would like stay away from them.
I was that kid.
My mom was, if I could call my mother right now she wasn't at work, she would tell you know, I used to have. I used to have to get into verbal borderline physical altercations with people because they just bought a new my child will tell their children
stay away from my child. And she was nothing like that. I was a different person at school and outside in the streets and I was to my mother at home.
No, he barking and whoever's walking.
No sound like Reddit
So this particular crew of people, how did you guys meet.
They tried to fight me.
It was two girls.
one boy who was gay.
And one Puerto Rican girl.
Okay. And the two girls were twins.
And try to fight me.
way that they want to they want to be best friends with you after that.
They want to fight you they want to be best friends which you have today. Wow, That's cool.
Facebook today
will recognize.
And people are going to give respect to those who demanded who export.
Okay, so what about your crew now.
How did you meet your crew now that you mentioned to him, mutual friend.
Yeah, surrounded by so many messed up bad people your whole life, you kind of have that urge to just be surrounded by people who just are on the same situation.
We just want the same things I the life you want and.
And
I don't really feel the need of the urge to go out, I might go somebody's house kick a watch a game or somebody even cooking out or something like that but you know grown people should I really don't do too much.
Too many clubs I think maybe, I went to a club maybe two weekends ago. And that was my first time going to a club in gear so gears, or slow slow slow.
So, I'm
back on the family aspect.
Do you have any memories of traditions growing up.
Thanksgiving.
Thanksgiving was a huge, Huge tradition in my family.
Everybody got together at grandma's house and I mean, everybody, everybody odds uncles twice removed must remove people who just moved in the family for years, cousins I haven't seen him forever.
Everybody came to grandma's house in Jersey and she would turn the whole garage into a buffet and cook and all that other stuff and we drink in and we play it down somebody's playing dominoes in this room's my playing cards and other room.
Somebody, they all goes out back playing dice is Thanksgiving was the thing that was the time where everybody caught up with each other right linked up seeing family members saying see me years, all of that.
Thanksgiving was definitely a tradition.
Like that. Yeah, some everybody Thanksgiving is that was, that was the main event, like we would plan in the beginning of the year for Thanksgiving because it was like who's coming how many bedrooms, do we need how many bowl mattresses how many rooms,
do we need to rent out how many titles, we need to get.
We need to get it was definitely event.
Grandma, grandma.
That's it. No one else don't bring nothing. No, you can't bring no dish no I don't need your help in this kitchen, nothing, Grandma.
Grandma to it down. That was it, you just come to you eat.
Do you daily plan on keeping those traditions alive your family.
My family.
If I can, I will try, but me and my family we don't have the closest dynamic in the world. Now, so.
Are you new family whenever I family Yeah, not like my new family the people I consider all the all my family so now will I keep that type of tradition alive with my with my family.
Hell yeah. Thanksgiving is definitely popping in my house this year.
So, but avoid the majority of family lives in Jersey or as they scattered out throughout the majority of my family is pretty much scattered all around the East Coast, um, but as far as my immediate family.
They're here, my mom, my dad, my little brothers.
They're here.
Let's see.
So we can talk more about some Atlanta stuff.
So, the first neighborhood for this area you came to when you were here.
Awesome. Bro.
Bro, over there on an lm with Georgia,
Georgia.
Was it What was the dynamic out there, the person.
Why, because when you come from somewhere that's so active and you come to somewhere that's so secluded.
It's a shark, especially as a young child, or not even as a young child as a teenager, used to live in their life a certain way used to seeing certain things and hearing things when you come to somewhere where the cross the street instead of it being
a grocery store, I mean instead of me in a corner store, a large amount or whatever is nothing but truth that can be stripped away automatically want as many people around at least people use it was the neighborhood, it was a call with that.
It was the neighborhood, it was the cold with that. Yeah, and that's that's all it was.
And that was like I said, a culture shock for. I've never forget when we pulled up at. On our way. I didn't know when we were pulling into the neighborhood, I did not know that we were pulling into the neighborhood, I thought that we were sitting on the
main road to get to wherever we were going.
So when we stopped the truck I thought we were at a truck stop somewhere. So you know rest or whatever and then I get out the car and next thing I know I see my mom and my dad and everybody's getting out the truck and I'm like why we are stopping in and
they were like this is it, and I'm like, what's it like now this is where we live in who's living here.
Where's the stores.
Where's the buses where's the cabs where's the trains where's the noise where is the. Where's the sidewalks, where's the sidewalks there's no sidewalks here.
So, it was like I said it was definitely an adjustment for sure.
Did you seen safer environment
before.
Yes, absolutely.
safer in the sense of.
Way up north, whatever's going on you see it. If there's drugs being sold you see it.
Police ran by helicopters, fire, fire department crackers outside screaming arguing with each other drugs on the corner.
Yelling smashing bottles, all that you see you here it's directly from your face cannot be avoided.
Down here.
You don't see that there is no crackheads on the corner, there is no one knows walking up and down the block, there is no, there isn't that. Now, in that aspect yes it did seem safer but like I said that's the beauty and the beast of being here, because
just because you know see it doesn't mean anything happen.
You just don't see it.
That's it.
That's it. Definitely.
Listen.
Listen. I thought I was like oh it's great down here it's safe it's peaceful it's long Behold, I believe, between three to six months of me first moving here somebody found a girl in the woods to maybe like two minutes from where I was living.
So I was just like, oh okay so they get it popping down here they just don't get it popping in front of your face but it's going, it's going down. And then once I got to get out and explore the neighborhood that I was in more I realized like Oh, no.
Y'all got y'all just cover it up with trees and grass and really nice houses.
So
dialect.
Can you say because the thing is obvious but do you feel like there's a difference between a jersey in Atlanta dialect.
Yes. Okay.
And can you tell if somebody is from Jersey just by the way they talk. Yes.
You can tell somebody from Atlanta, just by the way. Absolutely.
Okay, what are some of the unique words from Jersey that people use
john john kwn john.
Okay john with me. The thing that place I'm about to go to the gym
or.
Remember that john I was past that day remember john. We walked past that day and she said I said john is a universal word. Okay.
So that's something that I got on us. I don't say john
right color for you, boys. You buy you lacking right now. lacking lacking.
know what that means you want some of the shit that means you you.
That means you tweaking.
Okay. If I'm saying that's a southern word tweaking that's that's y'all you tweaking right.
Well maybe that yeah that might be jersey that's something that I say tweaking right now or you bugging you wiling out.
You Ellen right now.
You want some other shit like that's basically what that means.
Down here is Charlotte trippin around the mother she is.
Okay, now that's that's a great point. Now here is more of phrases. I want to hear what you feel is some of the phrases and words as far as in Atlanta, birth fuck you got going on.
Okay.
When somebody says something to someone like I've been hanging out with a lot of males. So when I hear men talk to each other I can pretty much guess, especially that I can pretty much guess off the top of my head what they're going to say next.
And usually wherever they're say everybody else is about to say the same thing so everybody else bus I laugh when I was about to say the same damn thing bro What the fuck you got going on.
Saudi trippin evil I'm saying, like, so I could turn it on, turn it off but it's like I say it's phrases straight like that, y'all, y'all are more of phrases, as we have words, we can say one word, and it means exactly what we're you know exactly what
we're talking about, from Jersey, Jersey. Now here, y'all could say a phrase, with the way you say no but the way you say you know exactly what the person is talking about.
Like if somebody say hey Bry what you're doing are just kicking ship.
You know exactly what they're doing. They the children at the house, or they say I'm just kicking shoot which are hn somewhere but they go.
If you a Jersey, Jersey, which is nine colon and
Nine colon and that means I'm chillin with my girl it's the same thing, but y'all say a different way.
You got any funny stories about language or whatever, whatever. Yes. Okay, okay. So, when I first moved down here, I can say, I've moved into a neighborhood so you got to get get to know everybody in the sec that's, that's another Georgia thing, y'all,
y'all get to know your neighbors, like up north, we see somebody poor neighborhood we like would forget that. They are here yes it's my opinion they were young, pay attention y'all I oh that's me of like 20 years I went to school with a kid like some
shit like that. So when I first moved down here.
I was getting no right and they were in, and never forget him I still talk to him to this day, his name was called.
And you smoke weed and sip a lot of drink at one point in time. So, I would catch the first word, and the last or up everything you said.
And I could never understand what he's saying. It was like as if he just blended all the words into one long as we're so I used to be like, I used to literally have to tap on homie be like him.
And they were like no what he said was, he was about the goal here and pick up this person that he was going come back over here. And over there but you know I'm saying that's what he said he's cool cool cool.
Oh wow.
So I was like, after like I said, being here for a couple years, it starts the register.
So it's like okay now nobody's talking about but when I first got there here I was like, Brad You sound like he just said a bunch of different like he's just he just mumbled he said the first word and last word and everything in between was just one biggest
number.
And this is when he was so great used to play. What did he just say they just called me a bit.
And they like nah nah he call you bitch, he call you a bit he just he just said we're bitch but he call you a bit and I'm like, Okay.
Are away here we was listening to the radio, and that racks and racks came on. Yeah, when it first came out, I didn't even understand what the hell future was talking about, I did do that whole song that's cool that you did, I had to read the lyrics oh my god that he had, I had to look really clearly, I
clearly, I had to look up some lyrics I had to never forget it because I remember going on YouTube and be like, Yo, this song goes so hard. I need to figure out what pain cuz I know he's saying something worth saying, so when I figured out the lyrics
I was like oh yeah folks with the song so clear to me now but back then it was if I went, but def come from years of listening to the future and understanding his lingo to the point where you know what he's saying now.
No, definitely, definitely.
See what games did you play, I guess, either. Most yourself or with your friends.
When you mean like, here are their
games in particular.
See, I grew up really rough. So, the girl that I have like boys and then I was boys. So, we didn't play the kidney games the hide and go seek, we slept boxer.
If I'm saying, we, we teach each other how to shoot dice we playing checkers we, we don't shit like that, that's, like, we're not really playing hide and go seek or Tic Tac Toe or double the double dutch that was the ship.
We did that.
Yeah, but yeah double dutch stuff like the hopscotch we definitely did have got. We put our own little spin on it.
We play four quarters, lot of basketball, volleyball.
Um, but yeah I hung out with mostly boys so it was like I was really, really didn't. I really wasn't into the Let's Play Game thing it was more like, let's get into some shit.
Hello open. Yes, career.
Yeah, I did. I just love doing it, it really wasn't that that did not sign up for the team and basketball I'm not like that, that really wasn't my thing I just.
My mom is amazing at the sport and she loves the sport and it made me love the sport, so I just, I like playing for fun I like watching it, but as far as me joining the team that was never really my thing only team that joined was the football team.
And
you got a favorite team, basketball, either sport NFL football, baseball, I have to say, even though I know they're probably going to choke at some point in time this year I bleed green.
I love the Eagles.
I can't help it.
My grandfather was a huge ginormous fan of the Jets.
And the Giants he loved the New York Giants love the New York giant
basketball, I pretty much don't have a specific team. I'm more of a players type because now it's like one life.
I love the golden warriors Golden Gate warriors. Close enough, wherever they are, but I don't do teams, I love Steph Curry. That is my dude. Do you hear what I'm saying.
Kevin Duran. That's my, the Holy Trinity I love all three of them, but I love Steph Curry and I love Steph Curry long before he one, I mean I was the Steph Curry fan.
I was a Steph Curry fan long before he one lump for immediate all these other people started wearing yellow and blue and white. Now, I was a fan of him I loved him long before all of this happen.
So, I'm more of a player's fan. I love LeBron I love Kevin.
I love the way and I love Bosh, I love all of them, like I love to I'm more of a player's type of person I'm not really a team anymore.
Like I'm glad that the team one of my favorite player on though but I'm more of a player type of that I don't really like teams anymore. Yeah.
Okay. Do you think was long between the random brown right now, like they bought the team was by the individual player at this point. So, I'm more of a player's saying I'm more of a team fan but NFL I'm more of a team fan.
And I love the egos today.
Did you catch the solar eclipse the other day. Yes it did you look at it without the glasses. Yes, it was as feeling today. Amazing. Okay.
People think they can do things just because they don't, if you, if you train your body to get used to something you'll be able to build up a tolerance for it just like people say oh I don't drink, but you see everybody else is drinking wine because they
built up a tolerance for I'm pretty sure at one point and they didn't drink either.
You know, saying so has nothing to do what really, you can, as black people we have a lot of power, and I know that sounds really cheesy but we have a lot of power there are things that we can do that other cultures, other beings cannot do.
and for them to say Oh, be careful of the sun don't look into the sun because they might hurt your eyes, your eyes We are some people.
You know I'm saying, so you telling me not to listen to the scientists I'm going to go blind that sounds stupid. My ancestors where I come from, we are some people.
Why can I look into the sun.
Don't stare at it for three hours or three minutes but you can look up at the clip. Wow.
I missed out on the wonderfulness of something.
It's a shadow, the biggest global shadow, not really that big of a deal. I mean, the only reason that people make such a big deal because it happens every bajillion years, but a number of worldwide biggest shadow.
You want to see Eclipse Hill glorified around this time.
That's exactly what it feels like.
I want to say that it says supposed to be another one coming in a few years, in a few years. We got a problem if there's another one coming. we got to.
We got more to worry about any clips.
If another one comes in a few years. I'm not going outside. I said I'm with you. We're going to be all black and it's gonna be inside this house.
Yay.
Okay. All right. This probably be the last follow up question before Have you read maybe one or two passages. That's cool. I'm.
Where might you go
restaurant as hard because all the food here so damn good life.
Lord is so hard to pick one place to eat here because it's like, it's so many places I go get the blue.
And there's so many amazing things to see here, that's the difference between Atlanta, Georgia in itself in other places is so much here is so much to offer here.
If people just really look at don't look at it for what it is look at it like Georgia has a lot of culture, Atlanta has a lot of culture and it's a lot of different races and different artists with a lot of things to offer So, going to a dinner in a movie
that's considered boring nowadays now it's like going for drinks and going to an art exhibit like just not too long ago, me and my boyfriend we went to a thing called sip and stroke in Atlanta, where apparently you drink and you get taught how to paint
like that's the normal thing to do now.
You know I'm saying that we went to the Ferris wheel afterwards like that's the normal thing to do now.
What brother, Ben is awesome so that's another Atlanta, Georgia.
I used to hate it now I'll use it like every other fitness bra bra, that's y'all, I don't care what nobody say that is y'all
know everybody got a long time away with y'all dog created in and trended the bra, no one else I don't care what nobody has the people were saying, bro.
Not brother nobody was saying. It's still want to y'all from me is that, but.
And that's what everybody said, that's when it became contagious, but everybody was saying bro females.
That's what, but I noticed that once the female started doing it, that's when y'all stopped, like, No, I mean we kept saying, y'all say Machado saying that one female say I'll be like,